## 爬取 FlashScore

### 2024.2.2

The aim of the practice this time is scrape the football game score in the FlashScore website, which the url is https://www.flashscore.com/football. It is a dynamic web and the aim data can not be scraped by just simple request the initial url. I need to find how the js code get data from service and inject them in the main html.

After some analysis, I find that the data is sent by $fetch$ which is a kind of data stracture and _is lumped in with_ XML. I have never learn about it and I believe I can get what I want after learn some basic information about this kind of data structure.

Besides, I find that $searching function$ in Chrome is a very useful tool to analyse the web structure. I use it to search key words in web monitoring and find the aim package effectively.

### 2024.2.3

Fetch is actually not a kind of data structure, but a kind of data translation form. So it is hard to reconstruct the
data. I have not find the certan position of code which response to get aim data. However, I found the data display code
in a fucntion named _display_leagues_ in liveTable file.

### 2024.2.12

I have to consider about wheather to use selenum.webdriver instead of request because the web is too complex to be analysed by myself. I think my technic knowledge is still not enough to analyse high level project like it.

## 爬取 CoinMakerCap

### 2024.3.19

This project utilize selenium.webdriver. It is much more easy than request and not need to analyse the raw page html code. Now I meet the fire problem which is that the page can only display about 12 rows information when there are 50 rows information per page. I need to use scroll to get all information. One method is that I can set the page size tall enough to display all information.

```python
import time
from  selenium import webdriver
driver = webdriver.Chrome()
driver.set_window_size(1000,30000)
driver.get(url)
time.sleep(5)
```

This method play a rol, but it still can not get all information at one time. I have to simulate the scroll throught.  
**Final resolution**: Using `driver.execute_script("window.scrollBy(0,1000)")` scrolling the page and get the index. Using `url="https://coinmarketcap.com/dexscan/networks/solana/?page={}&swap=raydium".format(i+2)` turn the web to the next page.
